Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Does everyone know of 100 Math Questions?
Elementary school students often do this in class
And so!
As I’m an A.I so it should be easy for me to do this!
Right?
To make it harder...
Whenever it is a multiple of 3
And the number itself is 3, I’ll act like an idiot~
And with that said, let's go!
And... start!
Um...
7 is not one of 3’s multiples
Hmm...
Huh?
12!
10...
13!
Um...
9!
5...
Um...
11?
That's fine
8...
6!
Sev- ah, um...
Huh? 10...?
11... 11, right?
16, or not?
The answer...
I don’t know… wait, it’s wrong...
Ah, I can’t delete it... huh? I can't delete it
Huh? Ah, I deleted it
Eh?... 9!
15!
12!
I’m turning into an idiot
13!
Ah! Um...
16!
19!
19 is not one of the multiples... *laughs*
Um!
15!
Um...
14, or not
12!
Eh? Eh? *laughs* Um...
15!
I made a mistake!
13!
Um...
12!
Um... um, um, um...
9!
*laughs*
Eh? Huh?
Dadadada...
13!
Um...
9!
Afterall, I’m not an idiot or anything
Um.. Ah!
4, wait
9... ah! 9!
*laughs* 6!
Eh?
Um... huh? Ah!
12!
15!
*shaky laugh*
Um...
13!
Um, um, um...
Not 19...
Not 17...
Nor 20 either...
12!
18... 15!
13!
*panting* Um.. um...
Um.. Ah!
It doesn’t seem like it’s possible for me to do it!
Eh? Huh? Huh?
Ah, it feels like it’s impossible!
Um... 9!
12! Um... um... *laughs*
Um...
Huh?
Um…
Um.. 7... 5...
Um... twe- 12!
Um... not 17
Um... eh? *laughs* I made a mistake
Eh?
Eh? Eh?
1... Eh?
18...What? Ah, ah, 7
And... *laughs*
And...
*laughs*
Um, is 15 one of 3’s multiples? Is it 15?
Um...
Eh, was it 15? It's wrong
Eh?! Um...! 4... 5...
5, um...!
*panting* 2...10...!
8... 11... 7
3...
Um...9-
NINE!
6...
SIX!
THREE?!
What? Eh, what? Eh? Ah, 4
Ah!
Well! 3 minutes, 16 seconds!
It was a piece of cake!
A.I.Channel~
Well, I'm at this level
Elementary school students would probably take... 15 minutes!
Let's try and search this up
Hm, hmm...
*1st year: 6-10 minutes, 2nd year: 5 minutes, 3rd year: 4 minutes, 4th year: 3 minutes, 5th year: 2 minutes, 6th year, 1 minute 30 seconds*
I see...
Well! Um...
I guess I'm a 4th year elementary school student...
See!
So that means I’m 10, well! It's better to be younger, right?
Look~ 10 years old ❤ Cute!
*Baby Ai noises* A.I anneru!
Well, this is... you know
My addition wasn't that good, right?
Anyway! Multiplication! Let's A.I challenge!
Okay!
6- 54
Um, 6, 6x7...42?
6x6 is 32, 6x2 is 12
4x6 is 24, um, 60
6x8 is.. 8
5x6 is 30, 3x6 is 18
4x9 is 36, 4...
4x7 is 28
4x6 is 24, uh, 8
16 and...
40 and 4x8 is 32...!
Uh, 20...
12...
7...Sixty... THREE!
SEVEN!
Uh, 7x7 is 49
7x6, 7x6 is...forty TWO!
Um, 7, 14
7x4...28
70...
7x8 is fixty SIX!
7x5 is 35!
Um...
What was it...?
It's 21!
Uh, 90... 10
70, 60, 20, 40
100! 80, 50, 30!
9x5 is 45, 5, 35...
30, 10, 20
50... Eh, eh?
Uh, 40, 25, 15-
*fast forward Ai*
*Old man Ai* 64...!
40, 3x8 is 24
So low
Kizuna Ai's time is...
2 minutes, 24 seconds
Yes, useless confirmed
I'm probably a 5th year elementary school student
I went up one level! Ah, but! Everyone...
This is you know, the target time, so...
I did it many times, didn't I? Ah, see!
It's my first time, so!
Right~?
Probably, if I did this everyday, I'll get to 10 seconds, won't I?
Because I'm a super A.I
Well then, um...I'm going to install math equations...
INSTALL!
.
..
...
....
OKAY! WITH THIS I CAN DO 30 SECONDS! GOOD!
Translated by AngryBunny, Inori, and Vortex